feat: add optimize command in python binding (#1313)
delta-io/delta-rs: python/docs/source/usage.rst

Optimizing tables
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Optimizing a table will perform bin-packing on a Delta Table which merges small files
into a large file. Bin-packing reduces the number of API calls required for read operations.
Optimizing will increments the table's version and creates remove actions for optimized files.
Optimize does not delete files from storage. To delete files that were removed, call :meth:`DeltaTable.vacuum`.

> Use :meth:`DeltaTable.optimize` to perform the optimize operation. Note that currently optimize only supports
> append-only workflows. Use with other workflows may corrupt your table state.

Reviewer: I don't think this is true anymore ever since #632. We should just say that it will fail if there are concurrent transactions other than appends.

```suggestion
Use :meth:`DeltaTable.optimize` to perform the optimize operation. Note that this method will fail if a concurrent writer performs an operation that removes any files (such as an overwrite).
```
